In 1929, the Hungarian writer Frigyes Karinthy wrote in his short story CHAINS that a person tries to reach a designated person he doesn't know through no more than five intermediaries, which is the origin of six degrees of separation.
1929年，匈牙利作家Frigyes Karinthy在短篇小说锁链中写道，一个人试图通过不超过五个的中间人来联系一个指定的陌生人，这便是六度分隔理论的起源。

In the Small-world experiment 1960s, Stanley Milgram and other researchers examining the average path length for social networks of people in the United States is around 6.
在二十世纪六十年代的小世界实验中，Stanley Milgram和其他研究者们检定美国人均社交网络路径长度为六。
However, the experiment was not completely randomized and idealized.
然而，这一实验的设定不够随机又不够理想。

It was not until 1998 that Duncan Watts and Steven Strogatz published the first network model on the small-world phenomenon.
直到1998年，Duncan Watts和Steven Strogatz才发表了关于小世界现象的第一个网络模型。
And this mathematical model has since been applied in a wide range of different areas.
而这个数学模型后来也被广泛地应用于不同的领域。

Today, it is much easier to test the model with social network datasets.
如今，用社交网络数据集来测试该模型就容易多了。

We seek to validate the small-world network properties of Twitter by analysing datasets from the its network from a network science perspective.
我们试图从网络科学出发，通过对推特网络的数据集进行分析，验证推特的小世界网络属性。
【视频内容要科学,列举属性】

This will allow us design a simple recommendation algorithm that exploits the features of the small-world network to uncover more possibilities, like people you might know.
从而利用小世界网络的特性，设计一种简单的推荐算法，来挖掘更多的可能性，比如可能认识的人。

Futuremore, we can implement more valuable features based on that great piece, THE STRENGTH OF WEEK TIES.
进一步来说，我们可以根据那篇大名鼎鼎的弱联系的力量实现更多有价值的功能。

----
【变白】

So, how will we begin our work?
那么，我们将如何开始我们的工作？

First we need to download the dataset for this analysis. Thanks to the work of Hubert Wassner, we can download it directly from the Kaggle website.
首先我们需要下载本次所需数据集。感谢Hubert Wassner的成果，我们可以直接从Kaggle网站下载。

This dataset is over 400MB and contains more than 40,000 rows of data, including 10 columns of information such as users ID and followers ID
这个数据集有400多兆，囊括了四万余行数据，包含用户ID，粉丝ID等10列信息


They are selected because they tweeted on Twitter trending topics.  In order to filter out spam and non-informative accounts, the founder had selected users that have at least 100 followers and followings.
这些用户被选中是因为他们在推特热门话题里发了推。 为了过滤掉广告和低质账户，创建者将至少拥有100个粉丝和关注的用户筛选出来。

Next is Data Preprocessing
接下来我们需要进行数据的预处理

What we should do is to change the data format to some useful dictionaries. We will use several dictionary for further uses:
我们应该做的是将数据格式改为一些有用的字典。我们在之后应该就要用到这些字典了。
///
user_friends: A user and his friends. 
user_tags: A user and his used tags
tag_users: A tag and its corresponding users. 
///

Then we need to build relevant networks.
然后是建立相关的网络。

We intend to construct a directed graph A with User IDs as points and the connection list of follower IDs as edges.
我们打算以用户ID为点，和粉丝ID的链接为边，构筑有向图A
Next, keep the interrelated edges and construct the undirected graph B.
下一步，保留互关的边，构筑无向图B
【动画构图】
In the analysis of the network, we believe that operations such as computing degrees and clustering are necessary and helpful.
在对网络的分析中，我们认为计算degree、聚类等操作是必要且有帮助的

More important is the analysis of the strong and weak ties, and we initially propose this division.
比较重要的是对强弱ties的分析，我们初步提出了这个划分方式
【动画显示】

As for undirected graph B, we might be able to find those CONNECTORS, people who has large networks of contacts and friends
而对于无向图B来说，我们或许可以找到那些社牛，那些人脉很广，朋友圈很大的人。

That's all we have for today, and we hope you all have a good result!
这便是我们今天的内容了，希望大家都有一个好的成果！



35s










